adds docs for new typescript node sdk (#168)
Amplitude-Developer-Docs/amplitude-dev-center: docs/data/sdks/node/index.md

    - [Node.js SDK Repository :material-github:](https://github.com/amplitude/Amplitude-Node)
    - [Node.js SDK Releases :material-code-tags-check:](https://github.com/amplitude/Amplitude-Node/releases)

!!!info "New Analytics SDK for Node.js Available in Beta"
    We just released a new [Analytics SDK for Node.js](/data/sdks/typescript-node/) available in Beta. The new SDK offers an improved code architecture which supports plugins and React Native Web.
    

>    The Beta SDK does not yet support the : [Ampli Wrapper](https://www.docs.developers.amplitude.com/data/ampli/sdk/). If you use Ampli please continue to use the non-Beta SDK at this time.

Reviewer: nit: `:`

    - [Node.js SDK Repository :material-github:](https://github.com/amplitude/Amplitude-Node)
    - [Node.js SDK Releases :material-code-tags-check:](https://github.com/amplitude/Amplitude-Node/releases)

!!!info "New Analytics SDK for Node.js Available in Beta"

>     Amplitude released a new [Analytics SDK for Node.js](/data/sdks/typescript-node/) available in Beta. This new SDK offers a new code architecture, supports plugins and React Native Web, but does not come with [Ampli Wrapper](https://www.docs.developers.amplitude.com/data/ampli/sdk/) yet.

Reviewer: nit: ending on yet sounds odd. Tried my best to improve"

```suggestion
    We just released a new [Analytics SDK for Node.js](/data/sdks/typescript-node/) available in Beta. The new SDK offers an improved code architecture which supports plugins and React Native Web.
    
   The Beta SDK does not yet support the : [Ampli Wrapper](https://www.docs.developers.amplitude.com/data/ampli/sdk/). If you use Ampli please continue to use the non-Beta SDK at this time.
```
